feat: add save to directory option for mimirtool rules get (#7247)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Deprecated `--rule-files` flag in favor of CLI arguments. #7756
* [BUGFIX] Fix panic in `loadgen` subcommand. #7629
* [BUGFIX] `mimirtool rules prepare`: do not add aggregation label to `on()` clause if already present in `group_left()` or `group_right()`. #7839

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add flag `--output-dir` and `--save-file` to `mimirtool rules get` to allow persisting rule to a file for edit and re-upload. #7247

Reviewer: I think it's correct now to remove reference to `--save-file`.

I also think it's more correct to call `--output-dir` an option rather than a flag.
Although flag is often used synonymously, I think it's original meaning was an option that toggled behavior, that is, that it took no arguments.

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add option `--output-dir` to `mimirtool rules get` to allow persisting rule to a file for edit and re-upload. #7247
```

Author: Ah.... great spot, you are absolutely correct that I forgot about this and only adjusted the doc.  I never knew there is a difference between option and flag so TIL.
